(4.0.0 doc) Updating the Security Guidelines documentation (#4052)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/deployment-best-practices/security-guidelines-for-production-deployment.md

<td>
  <p>To have strong transport-level security, disable SSL protocol versions and enable only TLS protocol 
versions: TLS 1, TLS 1.1, and TLS 1.2. This can be done by replacing the <code>sslProtocol = "TLS"</code> property with 
<code>sslEnabledProtocols="TLSv1,TLSv1.1,TLSv1.2"</code> under <code>[transport.https.sslHostConfig
.properties]</code> in the <code>deployment.toml</code> file. In addition, configure strong ciphers for 
<code>ThriftAuthenticationService</code>, Tomcat transport, and PassThrough transport in the <code>deployment.toml</code> file. See the
 following links for instructions:</p>
<ul>
  <li><a href="{{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/security/configuring-transport-level-security/">Configuring Transport Level Security</a></li>
  <li><a href="{{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/reference/supported-cipher-suites/">Supported Cipher Suites</a></li>
</ul>    
<div style="background-color:#ffffff; padding: 10px;">
<strong>Note :</strong>
<ul>
<li>When deciding on the TLS protocol and the ciphers, consider the compatibility with existing client applications. Imposing maximum security might cause functional problems with client applications.</li>

> <li>Apply ciphers with 256 bit key length if you have applied unlimited strength policy. Note that an unlimited strength policy is recommended.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Apply ciphers with 256 bit key length if you have applied the "Unlimited" strength policy. Note that an unlimited strength policy is recommended.</li>
```

<td><p>Create a failover setup</p>
<p><br />
</p></td>

> <td>In the cloud native deployment, high-availability should be achieved via the container orchestration system ( Ex: Kubernetes ). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>In the cloud native deployment, high-availability should be achieved via the container orchestration system (e.g., Kubernetes ). 
```
